Example pipeline 14781 (#17)
hivemq/hivemq-policy-cookbooks: examples/qualiy-metric-example/README.md

Reviewer: Typo in directory name

# Quality Metric Example
![](grafana.gif)

> This repository showcases an illustrative implementation of a quality metric for data pipelines. 

Reviewer: By "this repository" do you intend to mean this individual demo/example?

> The code exemplifies a scenario where clients publish data in a prescribed JSON format, but certain messages fail validation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code provides an example of a scenario where clients publish data in a prescribed JSON format, but certain messages fail validation. 
```

"exemplify" isn't normally used like this imo.

> The solution incorporates the [Metrics.Counter.increment](https://docs.hivemq.com/hivemq/4.16/data-governance-hub/policies.html#metrics-counter-increment-function) function to increment custom metrics for valid and invalid payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution incorporates the [Metrics.Counter.increment](https://docs.hivemq.com/hivemq/4.16/data-governance-hub/policies.html#metrics-counter-increment-function) function to increment custom counter metrics for the number of valid and invalid payloads.
```

> These metrics are then utilized to derive a comprehensive quality metric, which is subsequently visualized on a Grafana dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics are then utilized to derive a metric of overall data quality, which is subsequently visualized on a Grafana dashboard.
```

## Requirements
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) 
- [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) 

> - A HiveMQ license with enabled Data Governance Hub (contact [datagovernancehub@hivemq.com](mailto:datagovernancehub@hivemq.com))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A HiveMQ license with Data Governance Hub enabled (contact [datagovernancehub@hivemq.com](mailto:datagovernancehub@hivemq.com))
```

## Quickstart

> 1. Place your HiveMQ license with enabled Data Governance Hub under `hivemq/hivemq.lic`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Move your HiveMQ license with Data Governance Hub enabled to `hivemq/hivemq.lic`
```

Or use an article: "with an enabled Data Governance Hub" / "with an enabled Data Governance Hub feature".

> 2. Execute `docker compose up`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In this directory, execute `docker compose up`
```

Or e.g. "in the same directory as `docker-compose.yml"
